#Business Problem Section
The topic for my project is to determine or predict the severity of accidents in different regions based on the 
available data set depending on various factors and conditions of the accident. This would help in taking timely action for various accidents as well as preventive measures
to be taken for areas having frequent accidents with high severity rate. I would try to use a machine learning model to train the algorithm with the available dataset to be 
able to predict various outcomes of different types of accidents.

#Data_Section
I am using the example data set provided in the capstone for performing the analysis.  The data provided has al the required information of various accidents along with the 
list of parameters and factors for different locations over a large period of time. The various inputs provided in the data set can help us to predict and analyze the primary 
factors contributing to accidents and can predict the severity of any other accident occurring in the region based on the machine learning model.

#Methodology
I have first imported the data set provided as a sample in the capstone projet. The data set is uploaded in the git-hub repository. I have  taken only a few rows from the data
set that would help me in analyzing the data.
They are as follows;
1) Location
2) SeverityCode
3) CollisionType
4) PersonCount

I have then removed the data having empty or Null values so that only useful information is obtained in the data set.

#Analysis
I have grouped the data set based on SeverityCode and No. of accidents and it has been found that accidents with severity code '1' have more frequency of collisions when compared 
to accidents with severity code '2'.
The data has also been grouped based on the location to determine which locations have had the maximum number of accidents and so on.


I have then deployed a Linear Regression Machine Learning model based on the severity code and the person count to determine the no. of persons involved or affected in the accident
based on the severity code of the accident. This data can be further used to obatin useful insights on the relation between the severity code and the person count.
It has been found that an average of 1.2 - 1.3 people are affected in an accident based on the severity code.
The intercept obatined is 1.15
the coefficient obatined is 0.05.

#Conclusion
The detailed pictures and results of the analysis has been provided in the presentation.
